docs: use `var` instead of `const` for declarations (#8836)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/typescript.mdx

> You may want to add a property to the global object. You can do this by adding top-level declarations using the `declare` keyword to your `env.d.ts` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may want to add a property to the global object. You can do this by adding top-level declarations using `declare var` in your `env.d.ts` file:
```
So, what do you think about just mentioning here so that we don't need a whole other sentence?

Author: In my opinion this change doesn't fit, because it is also possible to declare a function with `declare function`. With this change it becomes to specific.

We should leave this sentence as it is.

Reviewer: Ah, great call out! OK, then yeah, change doesn't work.

So, we'll let the example do the speaking. At least people won't be led astray by a faulty example, and they will tend to copy the example.

```ts title="env.d.ts"
declare var myString: string;
declare function myFunction(): boolean;
```

> This will provide typing to `globalThis.myString` and `globalThis.myFunction`, as well as `window.myString` and `window.myFunction`. Make sure to use `var` instead of `const` for type declarations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will provide typing to `globalThis.myString` and `globalThis.myFunction`, as well as `window.myString` and `window.myFunction`.
```
If we incorporate the information earlier, then we don't need a "make sure" comment!

Author: It's okay to remove it, even though we didn't incorporate the change from above.
